.TH "XERXES" "1" "" "" ""
.SH NAME
.PP
Ur magical Cloudcuckooland, where dreams 1337 the way.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
Xerxes {OPTIONS}
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Как же хочется нинтянку.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-H\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
display help menu. In case u didn't know, but wanted 2 try.
.TP
\fB\-V\fR, \fB\-\-version\fR
display version
.TP
\fB\-\-vecs\fR
display available vectors
.TP
\fB\-h[rhost]\fR, \fB\-\-rhost\fR=\fI\,[rhost]\/\fR
remote host address [default 127.0.0.1]
.TP
\fB\-p[rport]\fR, \fB\-\-rport\fR=\fI\,[rport]\/\fR
remote host port [default 80]
.TP
\fB\-b[bcast]\fR, \fB\-\-bcast\fR=\fI\,[bcast]\/\fR
broadcast address [default 127.0.0.1]
.TP
\fB\-v[vector]\fR, \fB\-\-vec\fR=\fI\,[vector]\/\fR
attack vector [default 0]
.TP
\fB\-d[delay]\fR, \fB\-\-dly\fR=\fI\,[delay]\/\fR
attack delay [default 1 ns]
.TP
\fB\-t[threads]\fR, \fB\-\-trds\fR=\fI\,[threads]\/\fR
number of threads [default 10]
.HP
\fB\-c[connections], \-\-conn\fR=\fI\,[connections]\/\fR
number of connections [default 25]
.TP
\fB\-\-tls\fR
enable tls
.TP
\fB\-\-rand\-lhost\fR
enable local host randomization
.TP
\fB\-\-rand\-lport\fR
enable local port randomization
.SH AVAILABLE VECTORS
.TP
\fB0\fR  - NULL TCP // .tcp considered harmful
.TP
\fB1\fR  - NULL UDP
.TP
\fB2\fR  - TCP Flood // same here
.TP
\fB3\fR  - UDP Flood
.TP
\fB4\fR  - HTTP Flood // torshamer
.TP
\fB5\fR  - ICMP Flood // arewedownyet?
.TP
\fB6\fR  - SYN Flood // SYNcookies are making this attack a punch @urself
.TP
\fB7\fR  - ACK Flood // Totally ACK.
.TP
\fB8\fR  - FIN Flood // Will close ISPs magic TCPwand passthrough. Don't heat ur NIC in vain.
.TP
\fB9\fR  - Spoofed UDP Flood // Worked 4 UDP protocols wo 3some handshake. There are no mo.
.TP
\fB10\fR  - Teardrop // Looks like dorama. Haveged tried it ye.
.TP
\fB11\fR  - Blacknurse // WIP, will add ref materials soon.
.TP
\fB12\fR  - Land // Cloudcuckooland? Twitterland? Iyapan, Mornin' Wood?
.TP
\fB13\fR\fR  - Smurf // Personal appeal of .mono 133za.
.TP
\fB14\fR\fR  - ACK PSH Flood // XMAS was butter. It was like XMAS everyday.
.TP
\fB15\fR\fR  - RST Flood // That's seems 2b good anime. U can easily get NIDS bombed @L4.
.TP
\fB16\fR\fR  - SYN ACK Flood // That's insane.
.TP
\fB17\fR\fR  - XMAS Flood // It has 2b this way.
.SH LEGAL NOTICE
.PP
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED... Geez, not this caps again.

.SH GET INVOLVED
.PP
Please, flood us with ur oishi pull requests!
